Change "project" to "app" (#4778)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/partners/siemens/mindsphere/mendix-on-mindsphere/mindsphere-mobile-native.md

The setup of your development environment consists of the following steps:

1. Register a new mobile app in Developer Cockpit

> 2. Create a app based on the [Siemens MindSphere Mobile Starter Application](https://marketplace.mendix.com/link/component/118164)

Reviewer: "an app"

### 2.2 Start Developing your App with Mendix Studio Pro

Create a new Mendix Team Server app based on the [Siemens MindSphere Mobile Starter Application](https://marketplace.mendix.com/link/component/118164) template.

Now, you need to make some configuration changes in the app itself.

> In the app explorer open the configuration of the app store module **MindsphereSingleSignOn**:

Reviewer: "App Explorer"

> In the App Explorer open the configuration of the app store module **MindsphereSingleSignOn**:

Reviewer 2: Do we always capitalize these? Perhaps, if we are talking about the UX, we should make this bold?
```suggestion
In the **App Explorer** open the configuration of the app store module **MindsphereSingleSignOn**:
```

### 3.1 Authentication

> Authentication is based on the usage of **Anonymous** users and is enabled in the app securities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Authentication is based on the usage of **Anonymous** users and is enabled in the **App Security** dialog box.
```

(Need to review the image here - but I have a task to do that separately).
